Charts: describe custom styles options (#4725)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxPieChart/5 Series Types/CommonPieChartSeries/color.md

Specifies a series color.

---
You can use this property to paint all pie slices in one color.

#include common-colorlist

> You can also specify a custom pattern or gradient instead of a plain color. Implement the [registerPattern()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/viz/#registerPatternoptions) or [registerGradient()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/viz/#registerGradienttype_options) method to get an id. Then, do the following:

Reviewer: I would move the method call to the list too. 

```suggestion
You can also specify a custom pattern or gradient instead of a plain color. Follow the steps below: 

1. Call the [registerPattern()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/viz/#registerPatternoptions) or [registerGradient()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/viz/#registerGradienttype_options) method to obtain a fill ID.
```

Author: Noted

1. Specify the `base` color for labels and connectors in the **color** configuration object.

> 1. Set the `fillId` field to the obtained id.

Reviewer: I would maybe move this item to second position, to keep related items together (they both mention fill ID).

```suggestion
1. Set the `fillId` field to the obtained ID.
```

Author: Noted

Specifies a series color.

---

> You can use this property to paint all pie slices in one color.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use this property to paint all pie slices in the same color.
```

#include common-colorlist

> You can also specify a custom pattern or gradient instead of a plain color. Follow the steps below:  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also specify a custom pattern or gradient instead of a plain color:  
```
